sympathetic 1 a
kind 1 a
warm 1 a
understanding 1 a
courteous 1 a
compassionate 1 a
cooperative 1 a
affectionate 1 a 
considerate 1 a
sincere 1 a
sentimental 2 a e
polite 2 a c
respectful 1 c
cordial 1 a
helpful 1 a
tolerant 2 a e
charitable 1 a
sensitive 2 a e
agreeable 1 a
pleasant 1 a
feminine 1 a
trustful 1 a
loyal 1 a
thoughtful 1 a
peaceful 2 a e
obliging 1 a
generous 1 a
amiable 1 a
cheerful 2 a ex
mannerly 2 a c
flexible 1 a
reasonable 1 a
modest 1 a
genial 2 a i
jovial 2 a ex
accomodating 1 a
humble 1 a
gullible 1 a
moral 1 a 
honest 1 a
religious 1 a
passionate 1 a
optimistic 2 a ex
lenient 1 a
benevolent 1 a
unselfish 1 a
conscientious 2 a c
reverent 2 a c
tactful 3 a i c
earnest 2 a i
adaptable 2 a ne
truthful 3 a e nc
naive 4 a nex nc ni
altruistic 2 a i
compliant 2 a nex
natural 1 a
suggestible 2 a ni
selfless 3 a nex e
cold 2 na nex
harsh 1 na
rude 1 na
unsympathetic 1 na
antagonistic 1 na
abusive 1 na
rough 1 na
inconsiderate 1 na
egotistical 1 na
combative 1 na
callous 1 na
domineering 2 na ex
impolite 1 na
belligerent 1 na
ruthless 1 na
coarse 1 na
abrupt 1 na
insincere 1 na
cruel 1 na
unkind 1 na
insensitive 1 na
impersonal 2 na nex
scornful 1 na
uncharitable 1 na
cynical 1 na
bitter 1 na
uncooperative 1 na
demanding 2 na e
egocentric 1 na
conceited 1 na
bigoted 1 na
intolerant 1 na
unforgiving 1 na
disrespectful 2 na nc
tough 1 na
sly 1 na
stubborn 1 na
greedy 1 na
argumentative 1 na
bullheaded 1 na
boastful 1 na
critical 2 na e
rebellious 1 na
deceitful 1 na
sarcastic 1 na
underhanded 2 na i
vindictive 2 na ni
suspicious 2 na e
devious 1 na
thoughtless 2 na nc
ungracious 4 na nex nc ne
prejudiced 1 na
uncouth 1 na
tactless 2 na nc
manipulative 1 na
cunning 2 na ex
opinionated 2 na ex
unruly 3 na ex nc
rigid 2 na c
obstinate 2 na e
stingy 2 na e
nonreligious 4 na nc ne i
smug 1 na
skeptical 3 na nex i
vain 2 na e
irreverent 1 na
crafty 1 na
masochistic 1 na
self-seeking 3 na e i
extroverted 1 ex
talkative 1 ex
aggresive 2 na ex
sociable 1 ex
social 1 ex
assertive 1 ex
bold 1 ex
verbal 1 ex
enthusiastic 1 ex
spirited 1 ex
confident 2 ex ne
xommunicative 1 ex
magnetic 1 ex
energetic 1 ex
daring 1 ex
rambunctious 1 ex
outspoken 1 ex
vivacious 2 a ex
dominant 2 na ex
merry 2 a ex
unrestrained 1 ex
active 1 ex
boisterous 1 ex
assured 2 ex ne
uninhibited 1 ex
playful 1 ex
happy-go-lucky 1 ex
vigorous 1 ex
friendly 2 a ex
flamboyant 1 ex
adventurous 1 ex
expressive 1 ex
forceful 2 na ex
carefree 1 ex
flirtatious 1 ex
competitive 1 ex
mischievous 1 ex
direct 1 ex
spontaneous 1 ex
zealous 1 ex
gregarious 1 ex
exhibitionaist 1 ex
straightforward 1 ex
humorous 1 ex
frank 1 ex
opportunistic 1 ex
demonstrative 1 ex
enterprising 2 ex i
sexy 1 ex
hearty 2 ex na
wordy 1 ex
explosive 3 na ex e
witty 2 ex i
persistent 2 ex c
proud 2 ex c
impetous 2 ex nc
intrusive 3 na ex ni
withdrawn 1 nex
silent 1 nex
introverted 1 nex
shy 1 nex
quiet 1 nex
reserved 1 nex
timid 2 a nex
bashful 1 nex
unsociable 1 nex
inhibited 1 nex
uncommunicative 1 nex
passive 1 nex
meek 1 nex
restrained 1 nex
dull 1 nex
bland 1 nex
sedate 1 nex
somber 1 nex
melancholic 1 nex
unfriendly 1 nex
unadventurous 1 nex
detached 1 nex
uncompetitive 1 nex
submissive 2 a nex
cowardly 1 nex
indirect 1 nex
pessimistic 1 nex
negativistic 2 na nex
placid 1 nex
sluggish 1 nex
nonpersistent 1 nex
serious 2 nex c
aloof 1 nex
vague 2 nex nc
docile 2 a nex
secretive 1 nex
unimaginative 2 nex ni
wary 1 nex
lethargic 1 nex
unaffectionate 2 nex ne
prudish 1 nex
apathetic 2 nex ni
humorless 1 nex
impartial 2 nex ne
organized 1 c
precise 1 c
responsible 1 c
thorough 1 c
efficient 1 c
orderly 1 c
self-disciplined 1 c
practical 1 c
systematic 1 c
dependable 2 a c
reliable 2 a c
exacting 1 c
concise 1 c
careful 1 c
prompt 1 c
logical 1 c
consistent 2 c ne
steady 2 c ne
meticulous 1 c
decisive 1 c
punctual 1 c
firm 1 c
economical 1 c
cautious 2 nex c
strict 1 c
purposeful 1 c
dignified 1 c
formal 1 c
perfectionist 1 c
mature 1 c
industrious 1 c
stern 1 c
controlled 1 c
alert 1 c
rational 2 c i
thrifty 1 c
ambitious 1 c
conservative 1 c
wise 1 c
sophisticated 1 c
foresighted  2 c i
deliberate 1 c
refined 2 a c
principled 2 a c
cultured 2 a c
objective 2 c i
moralistic 3 a c ni
discreet 3 a nex c
poised 1 c
disorganized 1 nc
haphazard 1 nc
disorderly 1 nc
careless 1 nc
inefficient 1 nc
impractical 1 nc
unreliable 1 nc
inconsistent 1 nc
absent-minded 1 nc
scatterbrained 1 nc
illogical 1 nc
sloppy 1 nc
undependable 1 nc
immature 1 nc
erratic 1 nc
negligent 1 nc
rechless 1 nc
indecisive 1 nc
forgetful 1 nc
lazy 1 nc
unstable 1 nc
aimless 1 nc
foolhardy 1 nc
impulsive 1 nc
lax 1 nc
wishy-washy 1 nc
wasteful 1 nc
unambitious 1 nc
frivolous 1 nc
rash 1 nc
unsophisticated 2 nc ne
dishonest 2 na nc
unobservant 2 nc ni
indiscreet 1 nc
lustful 2 na nc
indulgent 1 nc
transparent 2 nc ni
moody 1 e
touchy 1 e
tempramental 1 e
irritable 1 e
emotional 2 a e
jealous 1 e
envious 1 e
possesive 1 e
fretful 1 e
impatient 1 e
self-pitying 2 nex e
nervous 1 e
crabby 1 e
defensive 1 e
grumpy 1 e
high-strung 1 e
insecure 2 nex e
cranky 2 na e
fearful 1 e
faultfinding 1 e
quarrelsome 2 na e
anxious 1 e
finicky 1 e
snobbish 1 e
bossy 3 na ex e
gossipy 1 e
nosey 1 e
selfish 1 e
excitable 2 ex e
restless 1 e
compulsive 2 nc ne
hypocrtitical 4 na nc e ni
obsessive 1 e
meddlesome 1 e
extravagant 2 ex e
volatile 1 e
self-indulgent 1 e
superstitious 3 nc e ni
relaxed 1 ne
unemotional 2 na ne
patient 2 a ne
masculine 2 na ne
undemanding 2 a ne
easy-going 2 a ne
unexcitable 2 nex ne
courageous 2 ex ne
brave 2 ex ne
informal 1 ne
down-to-earth 2 a ne
passionless 1 ne
earthy 2 a ne
nonchalant 1 ne
unassuming 1 ne
casual 1 ne
weariless 1 ne
intelligent 1 i
intellectual 1 i
smart 1 i
complex 1 i
philosophical 1 i
innovative 1 i
bright 1 i
unconventional 1 i
knowledgable 1 i
deep 1 i
ingenious 1 i
inquisitive 1 i
nonconforming 1 i
insightful 1 i
analytical 1 i
introspective 1 i
contemplative 1 i
perceptive 1 i
articulate 1 i
inventive 1 i
creative 1 i
shrewd 1 i
individualistic 1 i
clever 1 i
intense 1 i
imaginative 1 i
independent 1 i
self-critical 1 i
progressive 1 i
diplomatic 1 i
empathic 2 a i
versatile 1 i
distrustful 2 na i
idealistic 1 i
eloquent 1 i
artistic 1 i
candid 1 i
worldly 1 i
unpredictable 2 nc i
scrupulous 1 i
curious 1 i
tenacious 1 i
animated 2 a nc i
sensual 3 ex e i
ethical 4 a nex c i
autonomous 1 i
subjective 5 a nex nc e i
simple 1 ni
conventional 1 ni
traditional 1 ni
uninquisitive 1 ni
unintelligent 1 ni
surly 1 ni
pompous 1 ni
dependent 2 a ni
shallow 1 ni
unintellectual 1 ni
patronizing 1 ni
ignorant 1 ni
inarticulate 1 ni
pretenious 1 ni
unscrupulous 1 ni
predictable 3 nex ne ni
condescending 2 na ni
dogmatic 2 na ni






